Add Aggregate by to what's new (#76550)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-next/index.md

Welcome to Grafana Cloud! Read on to learn about the newest changes to Grafana Cloud.

> ## Tempo datasource: "Aggregate By" Search option to compute RED metrics over spans aggregated by attribute

Reviewer: Can we shorten this title at all? 
```suggestion
## Tempo data source: "Aggregate By" Search option to compute RED metrics over spans aggregated by attribute
```

<!-- Joey Tawadrous, Jen Villa -->

> <!-- available in on-prem starting with Grafana 10.2, but also requires Tempo/GET v2.2 or greater -->

Reviewer: OSS and Enterprise?

> <!-- available in on-prem starting with Grafana 10.2, but also requires Tempo/GET v2.2 or greater -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- available in on-prem, both open source Grafana and Grafana Enterprise, starting with Grafana 10.2, but also requires Tempo or Grafana Enterprise Traces (GET) v2.2 or greater -->
```

October 24, 2023

_Experimental in Grafana Cloud_

> We've added an "Aggregate By" option to the [TraceQL query editor](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/next/datasources/tempo/query-editor/traceql-search/#write-traceql-queries-using-search) to leverage Grafana Cloud Traces' [metrics summary API](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/monitor-infrastructure/traces/metrics-summary-api/). Users can calculate RED metrics (total span count, percent erroring spans, and latency information) for spans of `kind=server` received in the last hour that match your filter criteria, grouped by whatever attributes you specify.

Reviewer: Your link actually works just fine, I'm just using version interpolation to simplify them.

```suggestion
We've added an **Aggregate By** option to the [TraceQL query editor](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/datasources/tempo/query-editor/traceql-search/#write-traceql-queries-using-search) to leverage Grafana Cloud Traces' [metrics summary API](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/monitor-infrastructure/traces/metrics-summary-api/). You can calculate RED metrics (total span count, percent erroring spans, and latency information) for spans of `kind=server` received in the last hour that match your filter criteria, grouped by whatever attributes you specify.
```

> This feature is disabled by default. To enable it, file a Support Escalation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is disabled by default. To enable it, file contact Grafana Support.
```

> Read more [here](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/next/datasources/tempo/query-editor/traceql-search/#optional-use-aggregate-by).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to the [documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/datasources/tempo/query-editor/traceql-search/#optional-use-aggregate-by).
```
